feat(kselect, kmultiselect): add dropdown footer text param and slot in KSelect and KMultiselect [KHCP-6007] (#1117)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/multiselect.md

</script>
```

> ### dropdownFooterText

Reviewer: Can you move these docs up next to the other dropdown props?

> Adds text in the bottom of the dropdown, that sticks to the bottom - therefore stays visible even if the content is scrollable. Can also be [slotted](#slots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds informational text to the bottom of the dropdown options which remains visible even if the content is scrolled. Can also be [slotted](#slots).
```

<ClientOnly>

>   <KMultiselect dropdownFooterText="Dropdown footer text" :items="deepClone(defaultItemsLongList)" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <KMultiselect dropdown-footer-text="Dropdown footer text" :items="deepClone(defaultItemsLongList)" />
```

nit

</ClientOnly>

```html

> <KMultiselect dropdownFooterText="Dropdown footer text" :items="items" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<KMultiselect dropdown-footer-text="Dropdown footer text" :items="items" />
```

nit

- `item-template` - The template for each item in the dropdown list
- `empty` - Slot for the empty state in the dropdown list

> - `dropdown-footer-text` - Slot for footer text in the bottom of the dropdown

Reviewer: I don't think it makes sense to also allow slotting the dropdown text. This is just meant to be a display string.

Author: Slot is useful in case users want to have some control over text style (maybe make something bold, maybe even add a link?)

Reviewer: We don't have a use-case for this; I think it should just be a text string as outlined by Design. You could add a CSS variable to control the font weight, size, etc.; however, this is just meant to be informational help text so we want to restrict what can be placed in the footer.

Author: But this implementation covers the use case we have plus provides the flexibility should users want to use it differently. Why reduce the functionality if it doesn't introduce any technical complexity or maintenance burden?

You can use the `empty` slot to customize the look of the dropdown list when there is no options. See [autosuggest](#autosuggest) for an example of this slot.

### Dropdown Footer Text

> Replaces text passed through `dropdownFooterText` param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slot the content of the dropdown footer section. This slot will override the `dropdownFooterText` prop if provided.
```

<ClientOnly>
  <KMultiselect dropdownFooterText="Dropdown footer text" :items="deepClone(defaultItemsLongList)">
    <template #dropdown-footer-text>
      Come as you are
    </template>
  </KMultiselect>
</ClientOnly>

```html

> <KMultiselect dropdownFooterText="I am irreplaceable" :items="items">

Reviewer 2: Please use kebab casing!

  <template #dropdown-footer-text>
    Come as you are
  </template>
</KMultiselect>

> ```

Reviewer: This should be removed if the slot is removed.
